When you thought it was over with "Heath ledger"!! :)
#moriarty *  Before you think  *
You see the old fellow round the corner sneaking petrified glances at you, who averted his gaze when you spotted him. Maybe he isn't after your luggage. Possibly, you remind him of son he recently lost. How would you know, you couldn't perceive how his heart raced and moisture seeped into his grieved eyes when you smiled at him.

You see the bearded man at the last seat, who refused to oblige when you politely asked him to pull off the window. He may not be arrogant. Maybe among the clutter of thoughts hovering over his mind your request didn't stand a chance. Maybe his furrowed brows are knitting plans to gather enough money to treat his kid. You should see the medical bills poking out of his lap.

You see the young lady in the front seat, whose wrinkled saree is revealing more than intended may not be a skank. Maybe she's too tired to fight with her husband and had decided to quit. The clothes are mere illusion in the world she's going to enter. How would you know, she won't show you the burn marks on her neck.

You see that young lad in the middle whose rib-tickling anecdote was followed by a burst of laughter. His life may not be mirthful at all. Maybe, this time again, he failed to get a job. You should see how every multistorey office flames a spark in his cheeky eyes. How would you know, you haven't borne the weight of his parents' expectations.

Don't judge anyone, you never know the battle they are fighting, the sacrifices they made or the chunk of soul they lost in the midway. Happy stargazing.

Peace...
~Anurag Skill development :D effe 2k16!! :) * The other side *
Like love, we come in different size, shapes, caste, color and ethnicity. We are the 'Smoking kills' warning on the cigarettes or the editorial column of the newspaper whom no-one pays heed to.
We are the 'Mandal' from 'Pitchers' whose opinion never matters. The fellow with battered teeth, the scar-smudge faced lad, the shy guy with specs or that obese one, you see, we come in varieties. We are not different, we are just not the same.

No-one writes love songs on us and nobody calls us a hero. We don't advertise our emotions. We lower the chaos around. We are the infamous wallflowers.
 Somehow, we have the inherent talent of making girls feel uneasy, that's why we are found at the farthest corner of the class. We are, perhaps, the most adjustable creature on the planet. Our heart easily syncs with smile of yours. We strive to look different from being different but, we know, that never helps.

We are the guys whose heart skips a beat when you wave us a hi!. We could pen down a thousand musings about you but couldn't message you a single one. Our backspace key knows better of us.
We are the labyrinth of thoughts, an alley of scented memories or the untrodden road. We are easiest to learn but hardest to master.

So, next time when you look for your knight in shining armour, do remember the ones with stained capes.

Peace..
~Anurag * The confession I never wrote *

Sometimes, I think I don't deserve you. How could a hemlock aspire for an English vodka. The poor Aladdin was never meant for princess Jasmine. But, if only my heart could understand that. The freckles on your neck, as you are engrossed in studies, makes my heart freckle from within. I couldn't help but fall for the lonely hair-lock, swinging in air, caressing your cheek. The alluring aura of yours makes my senses spin about you all day long. We are the jumbled pieces of a jig-saw puzzle, messy chords of headphone or randomized hands of a clock, meant to be together, forever.

Beneath the cloak of these words stands a guy, sober, simple and crazy enough to negotiate with time to be with you. I Know I don't fit in many check-boxes of yours, but believe me human and flaw are two complimentary words. Perfection is a word conspired by universe to keep us apart.

You know, you are terribly crazy, freak, childish dipped with innocence, the perfect amalgam He could ever create. Not to forget those dark, grim shades of grey of yours are an added perk.

And it would happen again. This time again you will fail to read between the lines. The mask of narration won't let you decipher the message that lies beneath. Once more you would ask me "Why do you write stories?" and as always I wouldn't be knowing how to answer you.

Peace...
                                                          ~Anurag Awsm work.. Epic!!! Do you believe in phantoms, ghosts, spirits or shadows? No! Think again!!!
Penning down something supernatural......
 Penned down something thoughtful this time.. This winter try love in a new flavor...
Follow the link below:
https://campusdiaries.com/stories/love-now-in-a-new-flavor It is said that"College is the reward for surviving high school".

So just tried to pen down my thoughts about 'First day at college'.
Wanna have a luk :-)
Goto :-  If u hav crazzzy frnds :-) u hav everything..

p.c.-aseem shrey we created history. ...
http://www.jagran.com/uttar-pradesh/bahraich-11352917.html A reunion worth remembering @bahraich...... Deep jalte jagmagate rahe,
Hum aapko aap hame
yaad aate rahe, Jab tak
zindagi hai, Dua hai
hamari, Aap chand ki
tarah jagmagate rahe.
“Happy Diwali” happy raksha bandhan to all nice pic watch this moving pic 